speech is beauty
who speaks that group for another video
For you guys in this video today I bring more
a part of gta4 detonated right brunette
I'm here back to Brazil.
Let's go here with one more mission and no
remember with numbering that is to serve in the
title
I do not use the mission and our mission is
close
if that's the way it speaks from
now this is the first HD video from
channel for those who saw the special video I
talked about the novelty so now the
from now on the spans in HD and this is the
first video and let's agree with
augustin is speaking there legend then
let's go there geographic destination is that
It's not too far and too close.
You must be noticing that the image
to avoid a little more damage, right?
the original image is not damaged here
I'm recording is that normally but
after I edit the video in the program and
convert there changes the video quality
I change the format then
after switching to the lighter and
to make it easier for me is a day
I enjoy
I already said that the day before.
Fucking there, you have to pay tolls and cough.
police in the aftermath behind us take the
police and support and come on our
destiny
now I'll try to bet more
frequency in the detonated not only of gta
as well as the far 2002 model chardy
What 's the detail I 'm doing?
at the time
I'll try like this, and I can do it.
gta after leaving after the modalfa
I'll be back later , and so on.
on up because there is more unjust
Because some people there keep asking me.
of gta v roll fastest boring of
and stay in this business then I'll try
to count more often all
returned
Let's see iimf brief
I got here a destiny destination
I reminded you of this mission in this option
We believe that if the train is to we have to
Following the train has to be careful to
he did not get out of our right to view
take care of him not wear us anymore
we have to follow is so weak mission
We're going underneath him, right?
ballot here or b if it is
Xbox 360
Do you know the one that needs where
it is here the position location
no location as it was needed
perform the exhausting because inside
There's a drug dealer we're going to have to
eliminate them right?
So we have to follow this
tank they are there inside the train
these cars already have very
zica
I left it here
Our house is ours who likes to drive
It will not come, it was not nothing , it looks
This is the best car that has gta
you must drive like this to Tahiti
imagine the others then with the arias mouth
and driving as well so control it there
hit the target is already here with the water
She's a hard worker and let's go.
Ok, let's go, everyone here.
I do not know if it's debt what it is they
we arrive we have to kill them right
one to the other thing that mission I started is
lanky middle at the beginning or for those who
I do not know this mission I have just done
now it's the hand and it's so absurd
for those who do not know all the time
has more ambition here
We're calling the bathroom and if I
I'm from this video as always the one who
more favorite because it gives us a new look
about channel navigation with thing
commit sign up
remembering that from now on the
videos in hd and sic is already the first video
of the channel and how children will always be
so more than 66 that damaged right?
I change to another format after the
switch to another format there strip
the original video because people format
Lighter so it gets easier for me.
Well, then, because yesterday she was.
I is not easy beauty 3 lance liked
How sad a like and see you next time.
Okay, he said and I went